yolov4/README.md, before:

# Compiling `yolov4` in the `darknet` framework on Windows using `vcpkg`

According to https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet, this is the recommended approach to build `Darknet` on Windows.

## Preliminaries
Make sure you have the following requirements satisfied:

1. CMake >= 3.18
2. Powershell (already installed on Windows)
3. CUDA >= 10.2
4. OpenCV >= 2.4
5. cuDNN >= 8.0.2
6. GPU with CC >= 3.0

**Remarks**: 
* For info for WSL CUDA users please see https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/wsl-user-guide/index.html.
* For downloading the CUDA driver please go to: https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda/wsl.
* Some features are restricted and are only available to members of 
the [Microsoft Windows Insider Program](https://insider.windows.com/en-us/getting-started/), as well as to
these members who are also registered in the [NVIDIA Developer Program](https://developer.nvidia.com/developer-program).
* It is recommended to sign up for the [Beta Channel](https://insider.windows.com/en-us/) of the 
Windows Insider Program and upgrade to Windows 11 for a more seamless developer experience.
* Make sure to set the environment variable `PATH` for both `ninja` and `vcpkg` before attempting to compile. 
* You may find the `ninja` executable as part of Visual Studio 2019 Community Edition, at a location similar to
`C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2019\Community\Common7\IDE\CommonExtensions\Microsoft\CMake\Ninja\ninja.exe`
* And for `vcpkg`, it is best to install it at a location called
`C:\src` as suggested in their official docs on GitHub: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg. 

## Installation Instructions
1. Install Visual Studio 2019. In case you need to download it, please download the Community Edition. 
Remember to install English language pack, as this is mandatory for `vcpkg`.
2. Install CUDA enabling VS Integration during installation from the link above in the [Preliminaries](#preliminaries).
3. Use Powershell to run the following commands one-by-one, at a directory such as `C:\Users\<username>`:
   ```bash
   Set-ExecutionPolicy unrestricted -Scope CurrentUser -Force
   git clone https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet.git
   cd darknet
   .\build.ps1 -UseVCPKG -EnableOPENCV -EnableCUDA -EnableCUDNN -EnableOPENCV_CUDA
   ```

The entire compilation process may take hours, so be prepared to set aside sufficient time to allow for monitoring its
completion. Once finished, you should be able to find the executable `darknet.exe` in the "root" `darknet` directory.

## Example Output
The current setup is to use the weights from the MS COCO dataset, but showing only detection for the "person" class.
Other objects are not shown in the output at all, unless the `dont_show` option is removed from the line for the
particular objects concerned. 

One image with detection results shown is as follows:
![A soccer game](../predictions.jpg)

Commit message:

Reorganize files and move them to the yolov4 directory

yolov4/README.md, after:

# Compiling `yolov4` in the `darknet` framework on Windows using `vcpkg`

According to https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet, this is the recommended approach to build `Darknet` on Windows.

## Preliminaries
Make sure you have the following requirements satisfied:

1. CMake >= 3.18
2. Powershell (already installed on Windows)
3. CUDA >= 10.2
4. OpenCV >= 2.4
5. cuDNN >= 8.0.2
6. GPU with CC >= 3.0

**Remarks**: 
* For info for WSL CUDA users please see https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/wsl-user-guide/index.html.
* For downloading the CUDA driver please go to: https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda/wsl.
* Some features are restricted and are only available to members of 
the [Microsoft Windows Insider Program](https://insider.windows.com/en-us/getting-started/), as well as to
these members who are also registered in the [NVIDIA Developer Program](https://developer.nvidia.com/developer-program).
* It is recommended to sign up for the [Beta Channel](https://insider.windows.com/en-us/) of the 
Windows Insider Program and upgrade to Windows 11 for a more seamless developer experience.
* Make sure to set the environment variable `PATH` for both `ninja` and `vcpkg` before attempting to compile. 
* You may find the `ninja` executable as part of Visual Studio 2019 Community Edition, at a location similar to
`C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2019\Community\Common7\IDE\CommonExtensions\Microsoft\CMake\Ninja\ninja.exe`
* And for `vcpkg`, it is best to install it at a location called
`C:\src` as suggested in their official docs on GitHub: https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg. 

## Installation Instructions
1. Install Visual Studio 2019. In case you need to download it, please download the Community Edition. 
Remember to install English language pack, as this is mandatory for `vcpkg`.
2. Install CUDA enabling VS Integration during installation from the link above in the [Preliminaries](#preliminaries).
3. Use Powershell to run the following commands one-by-one, at a directory such as `C:\Users\<username>`:
   ```bash
   Set-ExecutionPolicy unrestricted -Scope CurrentUser -Force
   git clone https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet.git
   cd darknet
   .\build.ps1 -UseVCPKG -EnableOPENCV -EnableCUDA -EnableCUDNN -EnableOPENCV_CUDA
   ```

The entire compilation process may take hours, so be prepared to set aside sufficient time to allow for monitoring its
completion. Once finished, you should be able to find the executable "darknet.exe" in the "root" `darknet` directory.

## Setup
Remember to download the "yolov4.weights" as indicated in AlexeyAB's version of `darknet` and put it in the "yolov4/"
directory, along with the necessary files in the "cfg" and "data" directories before running each detection.
1. More specifically, please check if the "data\labels" copied directly from the "darknet" repository with all its
contents are put in the new "data" directory under "yolov4". 
2. Also, need to check are the "coco.data" file, together with the original "yolov4.cfg" files are in the "cfg" directory. 
3. Please put the modified "coco.names" file along with any data file you would like to carry out the object detection 
on in the "data" folder.

## Example Output
The current setup is to use the weights from the MS COCO dataset, but showing only detection for the "person" class.
Other objects are not shown in the output at all, unless the `dont_show` option is removed from the front of each line
for the particular objects concerned. 

One image with detection results shown is as follows:
![A soccer game](./predictions.jpg)
